Using the standard macro %DQSURVR (#82)
sassoftware/sas-studio-custom-steps: DQ - Surviving Record/README.md

 
## Description

The **DQ - Surviving Record** step allows you to extract the best record (Golden Record) from the clustered data by selecting the rules of interest. You can use standard deduplication techniques or create a rule to choose which data should survive.  

> This new version uses the standard macro [%DQSURVR](https://go.documentation.sas.com/doc/en/dqcdc/v_025/dqclref/p1i32jjeybfcb7n19tzfasbzdcb9.htm) instead of the custom code.  

Reviewer: Always uses doc URLs that point to the latest doc, using .../default/... instead of .../v_xxx/...
```suggestion
This new version uses the standard macro [%DQSURVR](https://go.documentation.sas.com/doc/en/dqcdc/default/dqclref/p1i32jjeybfcb7n19tzfasbzdcb9.htm) instead of the custom code.  
```

  
## User Interface  

* ### Surviving Record ###

   | Standalone mode | Flow mode |
   | --- | --- |                  
   | ![](img/dqsurviving-tabsurvivingrecord-standalone.png) | ![](img/dqsurviving-tabsurvivingrecord-flowmode.png) |
  
* ### Row Rules tab ###  
Specifies the row-level rule that identifies which row in the cluster should be chosen as the surviving record.  

1. **Select Cluster Column** - Specifies the cluster identifier column.  
2. **Row Rule 1 - Select Column for row rule 1** - Specifies the input column to be used in the condition.
3. **Select Operator** - Specifies the operator type. Valid operators include: missing, not missing, highocc (high occurrence), lowocc (low occurrence), longest, shortest, max, min, equal to, greater than, less than, greater or equal to, less than or equal to
4. **Rule Operator** - Specifies the logical Boolean operator value to combine or exclude keywords in a search. Values can be AND or OR.
5. **Row Rule 2** - Specifies the row rule parameters as shown in Row Rule 1.  
  

> * ### Column Rules tab ###  

Reviewer: Underneath this header I  would add a generic explanation of what column (level) rules are all about. Have taken the following (and adapted it slightly) from the [(good old DataFlux doc)](https://support.sas.com/documentation/onlinedoc/dfdmstudio/2.9/dfUnity.html#dfU_PFInt_SurvRecdID.html?Highlight=surviving).

_These rules enable you to substitute values into specific fields of the chosen surviving record._

Reviewer: Have made this change myself in the README.md and updated the pull request

## Change Log

> * Version 2.0 (25JUL2023)

Reviewer: You are using a different release date (last code change date) in the About tab of your custom step. Please use the same date in both places.

>     * Using the standard macro %DQSURVR  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Using the SAS-supplied %DQSURVR Autocall macro
```
